jQuery Study File

1. Which of the following is correct?
    jQuery is a JavaScript Library
    
2. jQuery uses CSS selectors to select elements?
  True
  
3. Which sign does jQuery use as a shortcut for jQuery?
  The $ sign.
  
4. Look at the following selector: $("div"). What does it select?
  All div elements
  
5. Is jQuery a library for client scripting or server scripting?
  Client scripting
  
6. Is it possible to use jQuery together with AJAX?
  Yes 
  
7. The jQuery html() method works for both HTML and XML documents
  True

8. What is the correct jQuery code to set the background color of all p elements to red?
  $("p").css("background-color","red");  

9. With jQuery, look at the following selector: $("div.intro"). What does it select?
  All div elements with class="intro"

10. Which jQuery method is used to hide selected elements?
  hide() 

11. Which jQuery method is used to set one or more style properties for selected elements?
  css() 

12. Which jQuery method is used to perform an asynchronous HTTP request?
  jQuery.ajax()  

13. What is the correct jQuery code for making all div elements 100 pixels high?
  $("div").height(100) 

14. Which statement is true?
  To use jQuery, you can refer to a hosted jQuery library at Google  

15. What scripting language is jQuery written in?
  JavaScript

16. Which jQuery function is used to prevent code from running, before the document is finished loading?
  $(document).ready() 

17. Which jQuery method should be used to deal with name conflicts?
  noConflict() 

18. Which jQuery method is used to switch between adding/removing one or more classes (for CSS) from selected elements?
  toggleClass()

19. Look at the following selector: $("div p"). What does it select?
  Look at the following selector: $("div p"). What does it select?

20. Is jQuery a W3C standard?
  No

21. Look at the following selector: $("p#intro"). What does it select?
  The p element with id="intro" 

22. Which jQuery method is used to remove selected elements? 
  detach() and remove()  

23. Look at the following selector: $(":disabled"). What does it select?
  All disabled input elements 

24.Which jQuery method returns the direct parent element of the selected element?
  parent()

25.The jQuery animate() method can be used to animate ANY CSS property?
  The jQuery animate() method can be used to animate ANY CSS property?
  
.
